Readme tweaks (#12)
tweag/smtlib-backends: README.md

running solvers as external processes, and a faster backend, available in the
`smtlib-backends-z3` package, implemented using Z3 as a library.

In addition, the API allows to queue commands to be sent to the logger
when a response is demanded, which we have observed to reduce the communication
overhead. See the documentation of
[SMTLIB.Backends.Solver](src/SMTLIB/Backends.hs) for the details.

Logging of queries, errors and results is also supported as shown in the
example programs.

## Building and testing

This repository provides a reproducible build environment through a [Nix
flake](https://www.tweag.io/blog/2020-05-25-flakes/).

Another option is to manually install Z3 to use the process backend, and the
Z3 C library to use the Z3 backend. Then you can build and test the libraries
using `cabal build` and `cabal test`.

## Implementing backends

Currently, backends only need to provide a function to submit queries, as
documented in [SMTLIB.Backends.Backend](src/SMTLIB/Backends.hs). See
[SMTLIB.Backends.Process.toBackend](src/SMTLIB/Backends/Process.hs) or
[SMTLIB.Backends.Z3.toBackend](Z3/src/SMTLIB/Backends/Z3.hs) for examples.

## Motivation

> It was created because there are a lot of Haskell projects using SMT solvers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library was created because there are a lot of Haskell projects using SMT solvers
```
